README.md, before:

[![Bluejay Dashboard](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bluejay-Dashboard_)](http://dashboard.bluejay.governify.io/dashboard/script/dashboardLoader.js?dashboardURL=https://reporter.bluejay.governify.io/api/v4/dashboards/tpa-CS169L-22-GH-ryan-garay89_berkeley-reentry-student-program/main)

![build](https://github.com/ryan-garay89/berkeley-reentry-student-program/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)

<a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/ryan-garay89/berkeley-reentry-student-program/test_coverage"><img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/edec3c54a12ea7c8914c/test_coverage" /></a>

<a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/ryan-garay89/berkeley-reentry-student-program/maintainability"><img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/edec3c54a12ea7c8914c/maintainability" /></a>

<a href="https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/2553425"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67244883/154180887-f803124e-0156-4322-899d-ba475139d60d.png" /></a>

## First-Time Setup Instructions

1. Fork & clone the repository locally!
2. Install Ruby version 3.0.3, and switch to that version using `rvm use 3.0.3`
3. Run `bundle install --without production`
4. Run `db:schema:load` & `rake db:migrate`
5. Follow [these instructions](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/creating-apps) to create & setup a new Heroku app on the CLI
  - You must have PostgreSQL installed locally to run the rails server. Then, you must start the server via the command line
    - **For Mac**: Run `brew services start postgresql`
    - **For Windows**: Run `pg_ctl -D "C:\Program Files\PostgreSQL\9.6\data" start`
6. Our code requires 4 environment variables to work correctly in production & local environments. 
  - _For local development_: You must set a non-empty string for the environment variables `ADMIN`, `STAFF`, `GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID`, and `GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET
    - **For Mac**: With Terminal open, run `open ~/.bash_profile`
    - At the bottom of the text file, add the following: `export ADMINS=string` & `export STAFF=string` where string is a comma-separated list of Berkeley       email addresses (these do not have to be real); i.e. `person@berkeley.edu,person2@berkeley.edu`
      Additionally, add `export GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=some_value` & `export GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=some_value` where some_value is some arbitrary string (these do       not need to be valid to run the app locally, since google authentication is stubbed-out unless it is run on production).
    - **For Windows**: follow [these instructions](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/creating-apps) to set environment variables 
    - Set  `ADMINS` & `STAFF`, where the value of each is a comma-separated list of Berkeley email addresses (these do not have to be real); i.e.                 `person@berkeley.edu,person2@berkeley.edu`.
    - Set `GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID` & `GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET` to some arbitrary string (these do not need to be valid to run the app locally, since google               authentication is stubbed-out unless it is run on production).
  - _For production_: Add the above environment variables to Heroku via the command line (assuming there is a Heroku app set up in your directory) 
    - Follow [these instructions](https://developers.google.com/adwords/api/docs/guides/authentication#webapp) (web app) to obtain a google client secret & a google client ID. For the callback URL, use https://*your-app-name*.herokuapp.com/auth/google_oauth2/
    - Use the command `heroku config:set VARIABLE=value`
    - Add `ADMINS` & `STAFF` set to a comma-separated list of verified administrators and staff members for the app. For testing purposes, these variables       can both be set to the string `”none”`
    - Add `GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET` & `GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID` as provided by the instructions above. 
7. That’s all! The app should now run on your local environment and any Heroku apps created from the codebase.

Commit message:

add codeclimate instr to README

README.md, after:

[![Bluejay Dashboard](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bluejay-Dashboard_)](http://dashboard.bluejay.governify.io/dashboard/script/dashboardLoader.js?dashboardURL=https://reporter.bluejay.governify.io/api/v4/dashboards/tpa-CS169L-22-GH-ryan-garay89_berkeley-reentry-student-program/main)

![build](https://github.com/ryan-garay89/berkeley-reentry-student-program/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)

<a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/ryan-garay89/berkeley-reentry-student-program/test_coverage"><img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/edec3c54a12ea7c8914c/test_coverage" /></a>

<a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/ryan-garay89/berkeley-reentry-student-program/maintainability"><img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/edec3c54a12ea7c8914c/maintainability" /></a>

<a href="https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/2553425"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67244883/154180887-f803124e-0156-4322-899d-ba475139d60d.png" /></a>

## First-Time Setup Instructions

1. Fork & clone the repository locally!
2. Install Ruby version 3.0.3, and switch to that version using `rvm use 3.0.3`
3. Run `bundle install --without production`
4. Run `db:schema:load` & `rake db:migrate`
5. Follow [these instructions](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/creating-apps) to create & setup a new Heroku app on the CLI
  - You must have PostgreSQL installed locally to run the rails server. Then, you must start the server via the command line
    - **For Mac**: Run `brew services start postgresql`
    - **For Windows**: Run `pg_ctl -D "C:\Program Files\PostgreSQL\9.6\data" start`
6. Our code requires 4 environment variables to work correctly in production & local environments. 
  - _For local development_: You must set a non-empty string for the environment variables `ADMIN`, `STAFF`, `GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID`, and `GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET
    - **For Mac**: With Terminal open, run `open ~/.bash_profile`
    - At the bottom of the text file, add the following: `export ADMINS=string` & `export STAFF=string` where string is a comma-separated list of Berkeley       email addresses (these do not have to be real); i.e. `person@berkeley.edu,person2@berkeley.edu`
      Additionally, add `export GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=some_value` & `export GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=some_value` where some_value is some arbitrary string (these do       not need to be valid to run the app locally, since google authentication is stubbed-out unless it is run on production).
    - **For Windows**: follow [these instructions](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/creating-apps) to set environment variables 
    - Set  `ADMINS` & `STAFF`, where the value of each is a comma-separated list of Berkeley email addresses (these do not have to be real); i.e.                 `person@berkeley.edu,person2@berkeley.edu`.
    - Set `GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID` & `GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET` to some arbitrary string (these do not need to be valid to run the app locally, since google               authentication is stubbed-out unless it is run on production).
  - _For production_: Add the above environment variables to Heroku via the command line (assuming there is a Heroku app set up in your directory) 
    - Follow [these instructions](https://developers.google.com/adwords/api/docs/guides/authentication#webapp) (web app) to obtain a google client secret & a google client ID. For the callback URL, use https://*your-app-name*.herokuapp.com/auth/google_oauth2/
    - Use the command `heroku config:set VARIABLE=value`
    - Add `ADMINS` & `STAFF` set to a comma-separated list of verified administrators and staff members for the app. For testing purposes, these variables       can both be set to the string `”none”`
    - Add `GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET` & `GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID` as provided by the instructions above. 
  - In order for the GitHub Actions build to pass, you must add a `CC_TEST_REPORTER_ID` as a repository secret on GitHub. To do this, first sign up for an account with codeclimate.com (quality, not velocity). Then, connect your repository and navigate to repo settings on the CodeClimate dashboard. Finally, copy the `test reporter ID` under the test coverage tab, and add it as a new repository secret under repository settings on GitHub. 
7. That’s all! The app should now run on your local environment and any Heroku apps created from the codebase.
